hey what's going on everyone today we're
going to be taking a look at the
mobzilla part of the orespawn mod and
really really is it necessary for you to
do that right when I'm trying to record
my video really oh oh okay I see how it
is Wow okay
hey what's going on everyone welcome
back to another minecraft mod review so
today we're going to be taking a look at
a brand new awesome new part to the
orespawn mod this is called mobzilla he
is pride going to be one of the hardest
mobs you guys have ever faced in
Minecraft there is pretty much no way to
defeat him I'm just going to go ahead
and put that out there any of you guys
can manage to defeat him I will be
impressed because this guy pretty much
kills you in one hit no matter what I'll
show you guys in a sec what it looks
like when you go into survival but right
now just from an overall perspective
look at this he's huge he's firing
fireballs this is just crazy his model
is awesome as well and was actually
really funny which I'll show you guys in
a sec is that his tail when it hits
because you can see it swings back and
forth it actually kills you when it hits
you when it swings into you which is
really cool as you can tell he drops a
ton of items so I mean if you want to
try and loot what he drops you can try
and do that I suppose but really really
cool whatever he steps on turns in the
dirt as well so as you can tell works
out nicely for me because my skin is
dirt because I'm off topic but I just
think it's a really cool part to the
orespawn mod now before getting to the
actual mobzilla I did want to remind you
guys once again that you still have time
to send in your pictures for my a
hundred thousand subscribers video so
I'll have a little annotation on screen
right now if you want to go check that
out and learn how to send in a picture
it pretty much guarantees you a place in
my a hundred thousand subscribers per
day which is really cool to be really
awesome and also whoa to do do you guys
see that jump look at what he just
jumped that was balut what wait what
what's killing him I'm confused whoa
you're getting off topic here mr. mobs
yellow what are you doing what okay
anyways back to what I was saying
another preview to the parody is on
screen right now this shot is really
cool it's a guy at his computer so yeah
just another little preview for you guys
right there if you want to get another P
view p view I said P view if you would
like to get another preview feel free to
leave a like down below if you get
enough likes i'll be sure to put another
one in the next video so click that like
button down below if you guys want to
see another little frame of the parody
let's go ahead and get into the mobzilla
part of the orespawn mod here there
really isn't much information I can give
you guys on him because the mod thread
itself what in the world this video is
getting more off
I think as we go on there isn't much
information I can give you guys on the
mobzilla part himself because just the
mod critter didn't really write much
about him except that he's very powerful
and hard to kill so nevertheless let's
just go ahead and kind of get started
here so as you guys can observe what
we've been observing for like the past
couple minutes is um whenever he steps
he turns grass into dirt I think that's
kind of a cool little effect haven't
seen that done with any other mod so
that's kind of original to this mod
itself which i think is cool also you
can tell he's firing little fireballs
right now so that's kind of something to
watch out for if you actually do decide
to fight him and nevertheless his model
also is very cool i think it is a little
bit yeah but i do think the moderators
did a great job on it because his little
tail animation is pretty nice and his
body's stick together quite well
compared to other you know big mob mods
that I've done in the in the past so
without further ado I'm just gonna go
ahead and try to fight him here I'm
really not gonna fight him he's gonna
kill me in one hit but I'm gonna go
ahead and just pull out some diamond
stuff here just to begin at least kind
of survive just a little bit when we go
ahead and try and fight him here so
let's do this if I was just to have no
diamond down whatsoever though I would
die in one hit so just keep that in mind
alright so game mode 0 hopefully he
doesn't kill me in one hit while I'm
doing this do that that bet that alright
so we're just going to go ahead and try
and do this right here as you can tell
we're not really gonna be able to do
much because he's the mob still owes you
his tail just whacked me so that's what
happens when his tails whack oh my god
so wow that would that was really fast I
didn't not expect that but as you guys
can tell he is quite the mob to the feed
so if you actually can defeat him I
would be very proud of you but um he's
pretty difficult to defeat as you as you
guys saw when he hit me with his tail
flung me up into the air with the ground
and then lightning struck me so I assume
that he can also rain lightning out of
the sky as well so you gotta watch out
for that but that is pretty much the
mobzilla himself very difficult I think
is really cool to have in your world
although if he was in your world he
would pride kill you so watch out for
that let me just go ahead and die one
more time for you guys just for fun so
let's get us Taylor wacom and bam
this tale will pretty much kill you in
one to one hit but that's pretty cool I
think how if the tail hits you it kills
you haven't really seen anything like
that in any other mod either so I think
that's kind of a cool effect also but
that pretty much does it for the
mobzilla part of the orespawn mod guys
hopefully you did enjoy it it's a brand
new part and I love to bring you guys
new mods like that so if you do enjoy
the mod or the video feel free to leave
a like down below it's greatly
appreciated along if you guys want to
see another preview of the parody you
can feel free to leave a like down below
as well also I'm getting close to a
hundred thousand subscribers if you guys
did not know so if you're new to my
channel and you haven't subscribed
already feel free to subscribe down
below and we come off topic like all of
us over here at Chaz off topic but like
that you guys so much for watching like
always they'll be a link to this mod in
the description if you want to add in
this awesome new new Jesus Oh if you're
like to add in this guy that's probably
going to kill you every time they'll be
linked to this mod in the description
right thank you guys so much for
watching I think I already said that so
I'll see you guys later perris
Oh
you